Do you have anything else to do?
It just so happens that I also want to buy medicinal materials.
Let's do it together.
You also need to buy medicines.
Just you turtle
You can also come to this place to buy medicinal herbs
Do you have money?
Good idea.
Your Xu family's Jiangcheng is a first-class family
Brother, in the past, you didn't bother to pay attention to me at all
If your father hadn't been seriously ill
Where can I get close to you?
I'm kind to you and you don't appreciate it.
Then don't blame me for not knowing what Xiangxiyu is
Welcome to a few people from
Hello beautiful woman
My name is Zhou Jing
This is my business card, Mr. Zhou.
Then you are here
We're here for Luo Yaoshi
I heard that Luo Yaoshi's Deep West Play is very powerful
My grandfather has a strange disease
I want to find Luo Yaoshi to ask for a deep western play
I don't know if Luo Yao is him
Luo Yaoshi is not here
Hahaha
Although Luo Keyi is not there
But I heard that there may be a life party today
Really, when can it be delivered?
Ah, I don't know.
Why don't you go upstairs and rest for a while?
Ok wait